feat: set log retention of all CDK-vended custom resources with CustomResourceConfig (#31041)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/aws-cdk-lib/custom-resources/README.md

  })]),
});
```

#### Custom Resource Config

You can configure every CDK-vended custom resource in a given scope with `CustomResourceConfig`. 

Note that `CustomResourceConfig` uses Aspects to modify your constructs. There is no guarantee in the order in which Aspects modify the construct tree, which means that adding the same Aspect more than once to a given scope produces undefined behavior. This example guarantees that every affected resource will have a log retention of ten years or one day, but you cannot know which:  
CustomResourceConfig.of(App).addLogRetentionLifetime(logs.RetentionDays.TEN_YEARS);
CustomResourceConfig.of(App).addLogRetentionLifetime(logs.RetentionDays.ONE_DAY);

> The following example configures every custom resource in this CDK app to retain its logs for ten years:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example configures every custom resource in this CDK app to retain its logs for ten years:

```

```ts
import { CustomResourceConfig } from 'aws-cdk-lib/custom-resources';

const app = new App();
CustomResourceConfig.of(app).addLogRetentionLifetime(logs.RetentionDays.TEN_YEARS);
const stack = new Stack(app, 'Stack');

let websiteBucket = new s3.Bucket(stack, 'WebsiteBucket', {});
new s3deploy.BucketDeployment(stack, 's3deploy', {
  sources: [s3deploy.Source.jsonData('file.json', { a: 'b' })],
  destinationBucket: websiteBucket,
});
```

> The following example configures every custom resource in two top-level stacks to retain its log for ten years:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The following example configures every custom resource in two top-level stacks to retain its log for ten years:
```

  })]),
});
```

#### Custom Resource Config

You can configure every CDK-vended custom resource in a given scope with `CustomResourceConfig`. 

> *Please understand that there is no guarantee the order in which Custom Resource Config is run. More than one Custom Resource Config of the same scope might result in conflict.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `CustomResourceConfig` uses Aspects to modify your constructs. There is no guarantee in the order in which Aspects modify the construct tree, which means that adding the same Aspect more than once to a given scope produces undefined behavior. This example guarantees that every affected resource will have a log retention of ten years or one day, but you cannot know which:

```
CustomResourceConfig.of(App).addLogRetentionLifetime(logs.RetentionDays.TEN_YEARS);
CustomResource.of(App).addLogRetentionLifetime(logs.RetentionDays.ONE_DAY);
```

The following example configures every custom resource in this CDK app to retain its logs for ten years:
```ts
    import { CustomResourceConfig } from 'aws-cdk-lib/custom-resources';

    CustomResourceConfig.of(app).addLogRetentionLifetime(logs.RetentionDays.TEN_YEARS);

    const stack = new cdk.Stack(app);

    let websiteBucket = new s3.Bucket(stack, 'WebsiteBucket', {});
    new s3deploy.BucketDeployment(stack, 's3deployNone', {
      sources: [s3deploy.Source.jsonData('file.json', { a: 'b' })],
      destinationBucket: websiteBucket,
    });
```

> The following example configures every custom resource in a nested stack to retain its log for ten years:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CustomResourceConfig` can modify resources across any scope. This example modifies every custom resource in two top-level stacks:
```

(move the top-level stacks example to be first, before the nested stack example) 

Can you also add unit tests for both of these cases?

```ts

> export class RootStack extends cdk.Stack {

Reviewer: Can you avoid making new classes for these? This example never shows these classes being instantiated. You can save a bunch of space by doing:

```
const app = new App();
const stack = new Stack(app, 'Stack');
const nestedStack = new NestedStack(stack, 'NestedStack');

new s3deploy.BucketDeployment(...);

CustomResourceConfig.of(app).addLogRetentionLifetime(...);
```

        new AlphaStack(this);
        new BetaStack(this);
        CustomResourceConfig.of(this).addLogRetentionLifetime(logs.RetentionDays.TEN_YEARS);
    }
}
export class AlphaStack extends cdk.NestedStack {
    constructor(scope: Construct) {
        super(scope, "AlphaStack");
        let websiteBucket = new s3.Bucket(this, "WebsiteBucket", {});
        new s3deploy.BucketDeployment(this, "s3deployNone", {
            sources: [s3deploy.Source.jsonData("file.json", { a: "b" })],
            destinationBucket: websiteBucket,
            logRetention: logs.RetentionDays.ONE_DAY, // overridden by the `TEN_YEARS` set by `CustomResourceConfig`.
        });
    }
}
export class BetaStack extends cdk.NestedStack {
    constructor(scope: Construct) {
        super(scope, "BetaStack");
        let websiteBucket = new s3.Bucket(this, "WebsiteBucket", {});
        new s3deploy.BucketDeployment(this, "s3deployNone", {
            sources: [s3deploy.Source.jsonData("file.json", { a: "b" })],
            destinationBucket: websiteBucket,
            logRetention: logs.RetentionDays.ONE_DAY, // overridden by the `TEN_YEARS` set by `CustomResourceConfig`.
        });
    }
}
```

> The following example shows configuring resources of two top-level stacks to retain its logs for ten years:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This also applies to nested stacks:
```

  })]),
});
```

#### Custom Resource Config

You can set the log retention of every CDK-vended custom resource in a given scope with `CustomResourceConfig`. 

The following example configures every custom resource in this CDK app to retain its logs for ten years:
```ts
    import { CustomResourceConfig } from 'aws-cdk-lib/custom-resources';

    CustomResourceConfig.of(app).addLogRetentionLifetime(logs.RetentionDays.TEN_YEARS);

    const stack = new cdk.Stack(app);

    let websiteBucket = new s3.Bucket(stack, 'WebsiteBucket', {});
    new s3deploy.BucketDeployment(stack, 's3deployNone', {
      sources: [s3deploy.Source.jsonData('file.json', { a: 'b' })],
      destinationBucket: websiteBucket,
    });
```

> The following example shows configuring resources of nested stacks to retain its logs for ten years:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The following example configures every custom resource in a nested stack to retain its log for ten years:
```

```ts
export class RootStack extends cdk.Stack {
    constructor(scope: Construct) {
        super(scope, "rootStack");
        new AlphaStack(this);
        new BetaStack(this);
        CustomResourceConfig.of(this).addLogRetentionLifetime(logs.RetentionDays.TEN_YEARS);
    }
}
export class AlphaStack extends cdk.NestedStack {
    constructor(scope: Construct) {
        super(scope, "AlphaStack");
        let websiteBucket = new s3.Bucket(this, "WebsiteBucket", {});
        new s3deploy.BucketDeployment(this, "s3deployNone", {
            sources: [s3deploy.Source.jsonData("file.json", { a: "b" })],
            destinationBucket: websiteBucket,

>             logRetention: logs.RetentionDays.ONE_DAY,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            logRetention: logs.RetentionDays.ONE_DAY, // overridden by the `TEN_YEARS` set by `CustomResourceConfig`. 
```

        });
    }
}
export class BetaStack extends cdk.NestedStack {
    constructor(scope: Construct) {
        super(scope, "BetaStack");
        let websiteBucket = new s3.Bucket(this, "WebsiteBucket", {});
        new s3deploy.BucketDeployment(this, "s3deployNone", {
            sources: [s3deploy.Source.jsonData("file.json", { a: "b" })],
            destinationBucket: websiteBucket,

>             logRetention: logs.RetentionDays.ONE_DAY,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            logRetention: logs.RetentionDays.ONE_DAY, // overridden by the `TEN_YEARS` set by `CustomResourceConfig`.
```

        });
    }
}
```

The following example shows configuring resources of two top-level stacks to retain its logs for ten years:
```tsc
export class RootStack extends cdk.Stack {
    constructor(scope: Construct) {
        super(scope, "rootStack");
        new AlphaStack(this);
        new BetaStack(this);
        CustomResourceConfig.of(this).addLogRetentionLifetime(
            logs.RetentionDays.TEN_YEARS
        );
    }
}

> export class AlphaStack extends cdk.Stack {

Reviewer: `AlphaStack` and `BetaStack` are not top-level stacks because they're in the scope of `RootStack`. To be top-level, they have to be direct children of an `App`.
